in this video I want to start telling
you about how we represent neural
networks in other words how we represent
our hypothesis or how we represent our
model when using neural networks neural
networks were developed as simulating
neurons or networks of neurons in the
brain so to explain the hypothesis
representation let's start by looking at
what a single neuron in the brain looks
like your brain and mind is jam-packed
full of neurons like these and neurons
are cells in the brain and the two
things they draw to draw attention to
are that first that the neuron has a
cell body like so and moreover the
neuron has number of input wires and
these are called the dendrites you think
of them as input wires and these receive
inputs from other locations and the
neuron also has an output wire called
the axon and this output wire is what it
uses to send signals to other neurons or
to send messages to other neurons so at
a simplistic level what a neuron is is a
computational unit that gets a number of
inputs through its input wires does some
computation and then it sends outputs
virus axon to other nodes or to other
neurons in the brain
here's an illustration of a group of
neurons the way that neurons communicate
with each other is with little pulses of
electricity they're also called spikes
but that just means a lower pulse of
electricity so here's one neuron and
what it does is if it wants to send a
message what it does is it sends the
little pulse of electricity various axon
to the to some difference neuron and
here this axon that is this open wire
connects to the input wire connects to
the dendrite of this second neuron over
here which then accepts this incoming
message that some computation
may in turn decide to send out its own
messages on its axon to other neurons
and this is the process by which all
human thoughts
happens is these neurons doing
computations and pulsing messages to
other neurons as a result of what other
inputs they got and by the way this is
how our senses and our muscles work as
well if you want to remove one you've
one of your muscles the way that works
is that the neuron may send these pulses
of electricity to your muscle and that
causes your muscles to contract and your
eyes it just if some sensor like your
eye wants to send a message to your
brain what it does is it senses pulses
of electricity to a neuron in your brain
like so in a neuro in a neural network
or rather in an artificial neural
network that we implement in a computer
we're going to use a very simple model
of what a neuron does we're going to
model a neuron as just a logistic unit
so when I draw a yellow circle like that
think of that as playing a role
analogous to maybe the body of a neuron
and we then feed the neuron a few inputs
various dendrites or input wires and the
neuron does some computation and output
some value on this output wire or
biological neuron to source the axon and
whenever I draw a diagram like this what
this means is that this represents a
computation of your H of x equals one
one plus e to the negative theta
transpose X where as usual X and theta
are our parameter vectors like certainly
so this is a very simple maybe vastly
oversimplified model of the computation
that the neuron does where it gets a
number of inputs x1 x2 x3 and it outputs
some value computed like so
when I draw a neural network usually
I'll draw only the input notes x1 x2 x3
sometimes one is useful to do so I'll
draw an extra node for x0 this x0 node
is sometimes called the bias unit or the
bias neuron but because x0 is always
equal to one sometimes I draw it and
sometimes I won't just depending on
whatever is more notationally convenient
for that further for that example
finally one last bit of terminology when
we talk about neural networks sometimes
we'll say that this is a neuron or an
artificial neuron with a sigmoid or a
logistic activation function so this
activation function in the neural
network terminology this is just another
term for that function for that
non-linearity g of z equals 1 over 1
plus e to the negative Z and whereas so
far up in calling theta the parameters
of the model I'll mostly continue to use
that terminology to calculate the
parameters but in neural networks in the
neural network literature sometimes you
might hear people talk about weights of
the model and weights just means exactly
the same thing as parameters of a model
but are mostly considered to use the
terminology parameters in these videos
but sometimes you may hear others use
wayde's terminology so this little
diagram represents a single neuron what
a neural network is is just a group of
these different neurons strung together
concretely here we have input units X 1
X 2 X 3 and once again sometimes we can
draw this extra node X 0 and sometimes
not so just draw that in here and here
we have 3 neurons which have written you
know 81 82 83 you have talked about
those indices later and once again you
know we can we want add in this a 0 and
add an extra bias unit there there's
always outputs the value of 1 and then
finally we have this third node at the
final layer and is the sterno that
outputs the value that our hypothesis H
of X computes to introduce a bit more
terminology in a neural network the
first layer this is also called the
input layer because this is where we
input our features X 1 X 2 X 3 the final
layer is also called the output layer
because that layer has the neuron this
one over here that outputs the final
value computed by our hypothesis and
then layer 2 in between this is called
the hidden layer the term hidden layer
isn't a great terminology but this India
tuition is that you know in supervised
learning what you get to see the inputs
you get to see the correct outputs
whereas the hidden layer are values you
don't get to observe in the training set
it's not X and it's not Y and so we call
those hidden and later on we'll see
neural networks with more than one
hidden layer but in this example we have
one input layer they are one one hidden
layer layer two and one output there
they are three but basically anything
that isn't an input layer and isn't an
upper layer is called a hidden layer so
I want to be really clear about what
this neural network is doing let's step
through the computational steps that are
embodied by this represented by this
diagram to explain the specific
computation is represented by a neural
network here's a little bit more
notation I'm going to use a superscript
J subscript Y to denote the activation
of neuron I or of Units I in layer J so
concretely this a superscript to
subscript one that's the activation of
the first unit in layer two in our
hidden layer and by activation I just
mean you know the value that is computed
by and that is output by a specific in
addition on your network is parameterize
by these matrices theta a superscript j
where theta j is going to be a matrix of
ways controlling the function mapping
from one layer we do the first layer to
the second layer or for the second layer
to the
so here are the computations that are
represented by this diagram this first
hidden unit here passes value computed
as follows as a a21 is equal to the
sigmoid function of the sigmoid
activation function also called the
logistic activation function apply to
this sort of a linear combination of as
inputs and then this second hidden unit
has this activation value computed as
sigmoid of this and similarly for this
third hidden unit is computed by that
formula so here we have three input
units and three hidden units and so the
dimension of theta one which is the
matrix of parameters governing our
mapping from all three input units the
three hidden units theta one it is going
to be a three
theta one is going to be a three by four
dimensional matrix and more generally if
a network has SJ units in layer J and SJ
plus one units in layer J plus one then
a matrix theta J which governs the
function mapping from layer J 2 layer J
plus 1 that will have dimension SJ plus
1 by SJ plus 1 just be clear about this
notation right this is s subscript J
plus 1 and that's s subscript J and then
just whole thing plus 1 out of this
whole thing SJ plus 1 J so that's s
subscript J plus 1 plus bi so that's s
subscript J plus 1 by SJ plus 1 where
this plus 1 is not part of the subscript
ok so we've talked about what the three
hidden units do to compute their values
finally there's a loss of this final in
the upper layer we have one more unit
which confuse H of X and that's equal
can also be written as a 3-1 and that's
equal to this and you notice that I've
written this with a superscript 2 here
because theta superscript 2 is the
matrix of parameters or the matrix of
weights that controls the function that
map's from the hidden units that is the
layer 2 units to the one layer 3 unit
that is the output unit to summarize
what we've done is shown how a picture
like this over here defines an
artificial neural network which defines
a function H that maps from X's
input values to hopefully to some space
of predictions why and these hypotheses
are parametrized by parameters that I'm
denoting with a capital theta so that as
we vary theta we get different
hypotheses or get different functions
mapping say from X to Y
so this gives us a mathematical
definition of how to represent the
hypothesis in a neural network into the
next few videos what I'd like to do is
give you more intuition about what these
hypothesis representations do as well as
go through a few examples and talk about
how to compute them efficiently